Reorganize and de-cruft the NodeNorm loader (#384)
NCATSTranslator/NodeNormalization: documentation/Redis.md

| 2 | `id_to_type_db` | canonical id → Biolink leaf type | `load_compendium` | normalization lookup |
| 3 | `curie_to_bl_type_db` | `file-*` per-file prefix counts; `semantic_types` list; per-type prefix counts | `load_compendium` / `merge_semantic_meta_data` | `/get_semantic_types`, `/get_curie_prefixes` |
| 4 | `gene_protein_db` | member id → gene/protein clique line | `load_conflation` | gene/protein conflation |
| 5 | `info_content_db` | canonical id → information content | `load_compendium` | IC filtering |
| 6 | `chemical_drug_db` | member id → chemical/drug clique line | `load_conflation` | chemical/drug conflation |

The `db` indices above are what `redis_config.yaml` and `tests/redis_config.yaml`
use. They only matter locally, where all seven share one Redis; in production the
index is always 0 and the databases are separated by host.

## Cluster mode

NodeNorm used to support a clustered Redis backend (`is_cluster: true`) via the
`redis-py-cluster` package. It was removed (see the "Drop Redis cluster support"
commit; the last release that shipped it was **v2.4.1**), because no deployment

> used it — `is_cluster` is `false` for all seven databases in every values file

Author: ```suggestion
uses it any more — `is_cluster` is `false` for all seven databases in every values file
```
